# Question 5: Possible  Sampling Biases
* **Gender Biases:** Among the users of sina weibo, a large amount of them are women. Therefore, in order to study the brand usage over the whole population, sampling through weibo would result in biased samples.
* **Age Biases:** Similar to gender biases, a large amount of weibo users are youngsters compared with the mid-aged people and elder people.
* **Geographic Biases:** Sina weibo users are concentrated in eastern region of China. Therefore, this might also lead to biased samples.
* **Other Factors:** There might be other factors that could cause biased samples. For example, there is a fair amount of weibo accounts are registered by the marketing firm. They are not real users (so-called zombie users)



# Question 6: Identify User Preferences
## Problem Definition:
This is the preference learning problem. Its objective is to predict the user's preference on some set of items from some preference information.

* **Strategy 1. Demographic Targetting :** <br/>
<p>Intuition: Since each brand has its own features and the targeting people, it's possible to relate people's characteristics with the features of the brands. This naive and intuitive strategy uses the targeted user's information, such as gender, age, income, location,personality, preferences over the specific features of the brands(such as color, style etc.)etc.</p>
<p>
So the problem can be formulated as follows: Given a set of training data, for each training sample, it includes a feature vector $X=(x_{1},x_{2},...,x_{n})$ that describes the user and the label $Y$ (binary in this case 0 or 1) that indicate the user's preferred brand, we need to predict a new observed user's preference. Therefore, we can use training data to train the **logistic regression model**, and then perform the classfication task given a new user.</p>
<p>*Pros:*</p> This approach is very straight forward and easy to implement.
<p>*Cons:*</p> The problem of this approach lies in the fact that it is not an easy task to collect the users' info, since nowadays, users are not willing to disclose their private info. Another problem is that what if two brands have the very similar targetting people?


* **Strategy 2. Behavior Targetting:** 
<p>Intuition: This strategy is based on the user's behavior(searches, site visits, purchases,ratings and reviews, etc). </p>
<p>This time, the feature vector would describe the user's behaviors mentioned above. Now the problem becomes how to extract features from user's past behavior? For the text data like reviews or comments, we can use the tf-idf methods in nlp to construct a frequency vector of the text data.Other behaviors like searches, site vists can be quantified.</p>
<p>*Pros:*</p> This approach is much reliable than the first one if the user's past purchases of both brands are known.  
<p>*Cons:*</p> Data collection problem still exists. And it could also rise to the problem of sparsity because of the large dimensionality of feature vectors.


* **Strategy 3. Hybrid Approach:**
<p>Combine the above two models together to see if we could improve our classification accuracy.</p>

* **Other Thoughts:**
<p>If we can't collect user's personal info and behavior's info, we can also take a look at people that are connected to the target user. For example, if 80% of target user's friend are using Michael Kors, it is highly likely that the target user are more interested in MK. </p>

